Asia Scoring,Presence: 3; Domination: 7; Control: 9; +1 VP per controlled Battleground country in region; +1 VP per country controlled that is adjacent to enemy superpower; MAY NOT BE HELD!,0,N,F
Europe Scoring,Presence: 3; Domination: 7; Control: Automatic Victory; +1 VP per controlled Battleground country in Region; +1 VP per country controlled that is adjacent to enemy superpower; MAY NOT BE HELD!,0,N,F
Middle East Scoring,Presence: 3; Domination: 5; Control: 7; +1 VP per controlled Battleground country in Region; MAY NOT BE HELD!,0,N,F
Duck and Cover,Degrade the DEFCON level by 1. The US receives VP equal to 5 minus the current DEFCON level.,3,U,F
Five Year Plan,The USSR must randomly discard a card. If the card has a US associated Event, the Event occurs immediately. If the card has a USSR associated Event or an Event applicable to both players, then the card must be discarded without triggering the Event.,3,U,F
The China Card,This card begins the game with the USSR. When played, the player receives +1 Operations to the Operations value of this card if it uses all its Operations in Asia. It is passed to the opponent once played. A player receives 1 VP for holding this card at the end of Turn 10.,4,N,F
Socialist Governments,Remove a total of 3 US Influence from any countries in Western Europe (removing no more than 2 Influence per country). This Event cannot be used after the “#83 – The Iron Lady” Event has been played.,3,S,F
Fidel*,Remove all US Influence from Cuba. USSR adds sufficient Influence in Cuba for Control.,2,S,T
Vietnam Revolts*,Add 2 USSR Influence to Vietnam. For the remainder of the turn, the USSR receives +1 Operations to the Operations value of a card that uses all its Operations in Southeast Asia.,2,S,T
Blockade*,Unless the US immediately discards a card with an Operations value of 3 or more, remove all US Influence from West Germany.,1,S,T
Korean War*,North Korea invades South Korea. Roll a die and subtract (-1) from the die roll for every US controlled country adjacent to South Korea. On a modified die roll of 4-6, the USSR receives 2 VP and replaces all US Influence in South Korea with USSR Influence. The USSR adds 2 to its Military Operations Track.,2,S,F
Romanian Abdication*,Remove all US Influence from Romania. The USSR adds sufficient Influence to Romania for Control.,1,S,T
Arab-Israeli War,Pan-Arab Coalition invades Israel. Roll a die and subtract (-1) from the die roll for Israel, if it is US controlled, and for every US controlled country adjacent to Israel. On a modified die roll of 4-6, the USSR receives 2 VP and replaces all US Influence in Israel with USSR Influence. The USSR adds 2 to its Military Operations Track. This Event cannot be used after the “#65 – Camp David Accords” Event has been played.,2,S,F
Comecon*,Add 1 USSR Influence to each of 4 non-US controlled countries of Eastern Europe.,3,S,T
Nasser*,Add 2 USSR Influence to Egypt. The US removes half, rounded up, of its Influence from Egypt.,1,S,T
Warsaw Pact Formed*,Remove all US influence from 4 countries in Eastern Europe or add 5 USSR Influence to any countries in Eastern Europe (adding no more than 2 Influence per country). This Event allows the “#21 – NATO” card to be played as an Event.,3,S,T
De Gaulle Leads France*,Remove 2 US Influence from France and add 1 USSR Influence to France. This Event cancels the effect(s) of the “#21 – NATO” Event for France only.,3,S,T
